welcome to access Papa lopoliths
the show that delivers the real pops I'm
fuzz pop bubbles pop capting live from
papa ball Stadium we are waiting for the
world's greatest Papa ballplayer
yike sunny and the best Papa ballplayer
and Papa lopoliths she's not just an
amazing athlete she's super nice too
let's pop and roll the clip at that time
I was assigned to try out for the team I
didn't think she'd pick me but she
wanted to give me a chance
yeah but it wasn't as easy as I thought
the ball was filthy where do you want me
to put it
I wasn't very good in fact I was poppin
terrible just athle and I should go back
to being the best bus clapper ever
sunny anything you'd like to say to our
viewers one word thanks honey
pop you next time on access